Datasets:

1.EarningsDataSentences.csv

Contains sentences that contain (or not) relevant Environmental Social and Governance topics. How to better classify text?
-----------


2.DirectorsDealsTest.CSV

A series of trades and their returns. Can you predict returns based on past returns and/or the director characteristics?

----------------------
3. Earning calls 
EarningCalls.Rar - transcripts of earning calls, good for NLP applications
Goal: How to better understand this documents, classify them, and suggest to readers


-------------------------------------
4.ESG related indices:


ESG indices - market perfomance for companies across the world that score well (or are leaders in ESG indices)
Generic Indices - overall market indices for ALL companies in the world
Women Leader Ship Inddices

This indicators show how different markets perform across time. DO comopanies with good ESG/Womand leadership perform better or worse? How to better understand the relationship between all the markets?

-------------------
5.FCA_full_articles_Ansi.txt - list of regulatory articles

We are building a central repository of articles from regulatory websites. Given the large number of articles and topics, we need to find a mechanism to categorise and contextualise articles so that users can find the articles pertinent to them.


We invite you to take a look at the sample of articles from the FCA news section and to:

extract meaningful topics from the data
devise a method to classify new articles
 ----------------------------

Must have (Python):
Pandas
Numpy
Scipy
Math




Interesting (Python):
NLTK
Sciktlearn
Keras
Tensorflow
Quandl Python API
quantdsl - Modelling derivatives
pyfin - Options pricing
ffn - quant finance
QuantPy - uses examples importing financial data from yahoo finance
quantitative - for backtesting
bt - for backtesting
analyzer - framework for backtesting trading strategies
pyfolio - risk analysis
empyrical - risk analysis
statsmodels - time series analysis


good examples
https://www.learndatasci.com/tutorials/python-finance-part-yahoo-finance-api-pandas-matplotlib/
https://towardsdatascience.com/python-for-finance-stock-portfolio-analyses-6da4c3e61054